here are the babies from my yellow lab
that was holding her babies and I went
ahead and took her out of the tank and
held her mouth open with a pair of
tweezers this is the best way I've found
to to get the most babies to survival
rate you just whenever you see the eyes
in their mouth you put your tweezers in
there hold their mouth open kind of rock
them back and forth and their babies
will just swim out and there's 21 in
here so you can kind of see you look in
their mouth and you see those little
eyes and as soon as you see that they're
their clutches ready to go but this is
them I'm going to put them in in my tank
and I'll kind of update you as i go with
them kind of they're ready to eat any
kind of like like flake food or anything
right now you just go ahead and put it
in the tank and they'll eat it see you
can tell that if you pull them out just
a little bit early they'll have like a
little sack on I'm still it's their
little embryonic sac that they that they
get your nutrients from until they reach
a point where they can eat any kind of
other food and so these are these are
ready to go very very healthy so thanks
for watching
okay April twentieth babies are in my my
tank here and i'll just go ahead and
show you how they're doing in the tank
and then i'll let you know a little bit
of what I've done here to help them
survive in this tank there they are
two of them
kind of hard to find they had I'll look
in the rocks and stuff
so you start some more over here
also i have another female in here she
has she's holding
you've heard about another week or so
and she'll be she'll be ready for me to
get those out of her I could take them
out while they're still in egg form but
you would have to put them on a heater
and set them up right here and the where
the water comes out of the little stream
here you you put them in a net and a
heater near it and it rotates them like
it does in the mouth of the female it's
a lot more work and and I really don't
think it it works as good as letting
them hold them until you can tell that
they're ready to go which I said in the
video before this you just look for
those eyes anyway they're all pretty
happy ok now this is what I've done I
put a heater and this is a 10 gallon
tank put a heater in here and I want to
keep this around 78 degrees in here at
all times just a rock bottom I get a
little old piece of coral that's been in
here for a while you can see they like
getting up in that coral and they just
feel safer than that but anyway and then
the main thing is i take i took a piece
of sponge and i kind of took my fingers
and pulled the center out of it enough
to where it would fit right around the
the hose going down from the intake for
the filter and it's pretty powerful so
the babies are not strong enough to swim
away from the current and they get
sucked up into the filter and you lose a
lot of them like that so what I do is I
take a sponge and I stick it on it and
it allows the water to be filtered but
it will keep the babies out of it and it
also cuts down on the amount
current that it's pulling into it also I
have a filter that has dial on it where
it can dial down the amount of water
being pulled in and I recommend doing
something like that if you plan on
trying to breed any kind of cichlid to
put them in us because the the water
that's coming out will so powerful that
it'll create like a spinning effect in
here like that and and the the fish just
get pulverized and then they just stress
out and so I have one that has a little
maybe I can get in and show you what it
looks like there's a little like a
button that you turn and it kind of cuts
down on the amount of flow it's like a
it's kind of like a butterfly valve
inside of it well let me turn on the
light and I'll show you what it looks
like
on my night movie and are thicker not
right there
anyway you just just turn it whichever
way in and it restricts the flow pretty
neat I recommend getting something like
that you're gonna do this but here it is
April twentieth little bitty tiny babies
and right here with you
and are already gobbling up stuff hungry
all right this is my tank thanks again
for watching